I believe the people in charge want me to die at 51 and 81 because my Dad is 81 years old. And the reason why asians don't care is because white people
in charge don't like me being alive at 81. So my Dad is white and my mom is asian and they said maybe let him die at 81 because
his dad is that age. And I am 31 which is because I am 31 but the weird thing is my Dad is going to age. So if they say in his birthday
and after that I die at 82 then they are dumb. But if they keep it at 81 they are just doing that because it is in the treaty
So please know I know my Mom might have did something at 51 in my history. I believe it is to do with history of me, my family,
and my life. So when they put it in me at 2022 they must have bombard me with current to know what my history was or knew my family
by knowing it through spying on me and they put it together to kill me at 81 because my dad is white and my mom is asian. So do you 
see it? My dad is 81 at 2025 which is when it started to happen. So they probably knew probablity when it will happen to get to all
these things for math and science. So now that I look back I don't really remember what happened when I am 51 other than the fact
I know the world order will change at 2045 which is when I am 51, so I die white in my mind at 51 which is the world order change
which is what is wanted. So I am 31 but 21 was when I was at the county of simcoe. So what is weird to me is it is 30 years apart
and I thought maybe something happened at 30 with the neural transmitter but the truth is I don't care if it is 81 because maybe
the probability changed based on the history and found someone that is right. So please know I am 31. 21 I started at county of simcoe
The new world order that was suppose to happen is 2045, and my dad is 81. So I want to be not dead but the truth is I think
the neural transmitter was in their bodies when they signed the treaty and maybe it amplifies for everybody where they want me to
have fun or die at these times because maybe deep down that's what they want, so please read this and stop them from using the
transmitter and stop hurting me because I think they think I'm a jew because asians don't care about kill anglos or something
has to do with they hate asians for killing white people and not really contributing to the effort to destroy there empire so
I am going to say this is for certain but the thing is please let me know. I am still alive and I will always think so please
let me know if I can think more because I turned of the probability to actually tab into the quantum computers to stop thinking
because I'm going to use this notepad to send you a message. Please update me as you see fit and please know I think it is only
the beginning because it is for certain the people that have it in them will always put it back in and the scientists always
make them walk through the air to bring them back to have it in them again. So please know it is better to have it off but they want
it in for this reason, they want to have a war and a world order where they kill anglos - Americans - so please know I don't want to die
and please get me out of the ultra universe where my line is off from yours because I see differently and I know the women want me to
go back and I want a movement in many countries in the west to bring me back. So please make it happen because I am not able to survive
by myself, I need people to stand up for me. Also, please use probability to ask why the leaders did that and ask other
leaders why they did that and if they really want to do that, just ask do they want to do that to white/asian people and half breeds like me but I am
not a half breed, I am a human being so please know save this world and me. I will be happy to die at 51 to make sure I come back
to the real time which is the universe that you all see, because I do not believe they will actually kill me at 51 and 81 by asians.
Good Bye and I am still here.
